One thing I do to make sure that my family is taking care of is you know
I have. I have a wife who is extremely capable and and runs, um,
things flawlessly. In fact, sometimes when I come home off deployment
or from a long trip, I almost feel like that I am throwing something
into the the smooth machine that's messing it up. So, you know, preparing
my family over communicating with them, making sure that the
things that they have coming up on the horizon, whether it's for school,
whether it's a, uh, something financially that I go ahead and
pre prepare for that to be done. That could be if I'm going on deployment,
calling the cell phone carrier, making sure they know I'm not
there or letting my bank know that I will not be using my cards to
those things and services that I would not be using